I
lady
gentlemen a very good evening to you all
in 1958 the heart of Havana beat with
music dance and desire every night at
club El Tropico fika fail they shared
this passion with the world of
anniversary a toast hello hello and it
seemed as if it would never end my son's
you are future you have no idea what's
going on in this country you don't want
a revolution like it or not it's coming
but for a family as diverse as Cuba
itself despite all of our differences we
always put family first the home they
had always loved little brothers a
criminal a dangerous criminal was
becoming a place what's happening no one
could recognize
no tropical it's a place of music no my
business mr. feyo be we have friends and
enemies we don't have a quick kiss your
mother and I we think you should be in
any country yeah I offer a serious
thought Oh pal something attack time is
not on our side I'm leaving the country
I want you to come with me she was a
beautiful thing I that we should have
known she was a heartbreaker we deserved
more we deserve more must motherly love
you Andy Garcia go Marie Dustin Hoffman
unnecessary the lost city